[Music]
What's up family how are you and well I'm here
to help you if I to Olga
because the truth is that writing some
criticisms that don't seem fair to me okay and they
are also criticisms from people
who know how the medium works and who
understand perfectly what she is
saying and that the things that are being
implied do not work like that they are not like that
okay I am making a criticism already well a
decisive shot in the ear but in a good
way because I love you all very much
but there are people who are angry
with Olga Moreno for the fact that she is going to
work and collect money from Telecinco
hey look family now I find out that
you live off air okay
then let's see let's put
things in their place in the first place it is not
a family that has been complaining
all Telecinco in general to be
here the problem that exists is that many
people and I have a family and I have
older relatives who are
older people who do not understand that Telecinco
is not the whole of Telecinco that all the
programs on Telecinco are not from
Telecinco okay each program okay has
its production company and inside  of their production company
although they imitate the axa telecinco the only thing
that is on the platform okay it's as if
there are people who get angry with huanca or with
enrique for uploading videos on the site
where I am after I have
told them comb your
hair well I can't say to juanca comb your hair but enrique yes okay let's see I am a channel I am my company and I am my brand and I upload the content to youtube well telecinco as if it were youtube okay it is the platform where they put their
content where they have a contract that
puts their content within the
platform well there are the different
companies the television factory so that
you understand the television factory is
the
socialite sálvame those who make up news
let's go to the documentary of arroz hijito and
everything that has to do with la rosa el
monte alto I don't know what and I don't know how much it's worth
then this quartz if I'm not mistaken
if I'm not mistaken quartz is nothing if I'm not
mistaken quartz is the one from viva
la vida I would have to look at it but I know that
unique it is  It's already 8 it's already cold at
noon Ana Rosa okay and then on the other
hand there's Bulldog which is the one
with Survivor and the one with this
surprise program that
Olga is going to be participating in which I think is called
Let Yourself Go or Let Yourself Be Wanted okay
give me the comment box because I
have so many things on my mind and so many
programs already and you guys have me
criminally fried my artists and monos I
can put it another way there are more
producers like Big Brother they're already
fighting a lot okay then man
you're not going to close the doors to
working with everyone
obviously Olga Moreno is never going to
sit down with Jorge Javier again on
Sálvame or any other program from the
TV factory okay it's
okay because she's doing this program
on Bulldog okay and if she charges well I'm
glad she gets her money of
course yes
family you guys shouldn't be so aware of
all the things because she's going to be on the program
besides let's go I don't know if
two of you were still in a fight because it's not
clear to me who she's going to surprise if it
's someone from  the blue tide if the
surprise will be paid to her or she is
going to give it to someone it's that really tomorrow I will
find out well okay and if I can tell you I will tell you
because maybe they won't let me
tell you what can also happen
many times that I am here that I
find out about things I am raging
because I can't tell her the thing that
bulldog has always behaved very well
with her be bulldog it is the ones from
survivors who did the
now to Olga when she left okay with her
spectacular family too and besides it's not that
Rocío Flores is working there
and I think that I think that hello
from what I was talking to her she doesn't
have it in mind that tomorrow she will
suddenly appear on the set of
'survivors' but if at some
point she feels like it hey as long as it's
with a presenter that she does
n't have a problem with
maybe a debate surely with
Carlos Sobera or with the other one I know
survivor I don't see it I ca
n't say what days they are and when
but man evidently she
will stop by there when she feels like it and at some
point she has to in the end to
deliver  The prize will be there, okay, so nothing,
family, don't get angry and dance. I
would have liked it more if it was with Rocío
Flores, or I'm telling the truth, but son,
we'll see how things improve
because at the moment we don't know
anything, the only thing we know is that
apparently they were both in Madrid and didn't
see each other, so we'll keep you
posted on any news we find
out, family, a
huge hug and we'll see you in the next video
[Music]